basically what do you need to
work on this project successfully and without
problems at the bottom of the video will be a link with
registration click on this reference
go to registration points why
on this reference because there are many
different items here that you mess up i
you specifically post this
there are customers there are performers
where which will work and which
let's say the applications themselves
unwind and those who will
work here specifically here is a reference
so that you can work here
click on this link fill
seconds and registering register on
the project and you will have this
chip a little bit different
and in principle there will be three choice points
wpa2 here for the time being but when registering
there will be 3 that is, and operating systems and
This will be opens Simbir and here
come click on you need an operating
the system that you have and
you download entrails to the computer
then transfer to your phone
install this application application
almost identical with whom application
I said in the previous video well
a little simpler
they do not need to simplify the principle of this
will not develop for you and all
will be comfortable in this application will be 3
subcategory turns 1 category this
there will be a new second category new then
tell you that it will be possible to update and
see the application where who come
new with which we will
earn 2 subcategories will be orders
I order it that we already
accomplished what we have almost done
and the last category is balance with
balance
we will be able to automatically enter into your
account is obtained and view your
There is no current balance sheet.
restrictions can output without problems
with these
I wanted to tell you that there are such
for opportunities let's say when you
install the application
download in leave there rating wta
what is pointing you bath advertiser
you are doing everything and you are not the money card
carefully read again
the application just I also ran into
By this I do not trample bombing threw
and then read to the end all the instructions
what does an advertiser require of me i
I read that the application should be
not less than under construction
that is , the question must be so
I had an application for three days a belt
at the expiration of this period, I have a small
went in and did not immediately politically list
funds means here also let's say
for one installed application is not
less than three rubles get a maximum
maybe 11 that dare you
it turns out and some questions on
earning on mobile on
Internet business can some projects
you are interested in making
implement and some kind of internet work
you are interested write in the comments I
prompt you can effectively promote
Today we will talk about one application
which is much better due to which
I earned manage 200 or 300 but then
have u steadily appear task
which you can do and now I tell you
show them so here we have an application
aptos i signing mediaget
specifically write what it is and
where you can download and tell you now
briefly what is it in general we have here
three bookmarks new orders and balan
new is the place where orders appear then
there is click choose what to download
go google download open there
or that task we perform we return
back click on the check and all
money comes
here you can see my orders
what I did here recently
attachment
All paid money how much I
paid it in rubles of course
that is, it really works fine
that did not work for this crap was
that is, there are even options above the world
here's a shower defense i bought it here
buy it was she cost 30 rubles and
she was paid 42 rubles that is to buy already
then I return this option too
I have tried and really everything
balance works here too
money for webmoney or mobile account
I take it to webmoney that is very
convenient no problem here this
I think I definitely don’t know applications
invitation code so I don’t
I can say or have this link
there is well, I
this link Landau thought under the video too 10
percent of their earnings breathe and
friends of allah well well i thought no
general here is the aptos application one moment
I'll tell you now
This application is not in google play
and by the way therefore probably the link is
so I link you data by not
go and download already have the most
real Jewish application help
I show you my neighbor that I am
how do you help me i mean ten
I will receive percent from you
or if there is an application of this your
friend to drink go to his link then
there is not critical as they say in general
all on this is our application and
I wanted to tell you 2 on earnings but
it's much better because she
really the way sometimes you give and
you can do yourself a mobile account and
other